all over around there are dead bodies at
the streets you can smell the bad smell
of these dead
bodies it's like horror movies you know
no buildings you can't see buildings I
can't see
streets I'm really shocked of this
view during the The Siege over the
hospital the hospital was by Siege 3
weeks I couldn't offer anything to my
children we used to eat only you know
only bread
my children they want some some sweets I
couldn't provide some sweets for my
children my little my little girl 3
years old she used to ask me many things
but I couldn't provide my little
girl so we used to eat only once a day
once a
day what is the humanity why this is
happening to us
why I don't know I don't know how many I
don't know for how long this will
continue for for how long for how long
for how long I don't know how many of us
have to die how many of us have to die
just to listen to us to stop this
[Music]
crimes now all Medical Teams Who Remain
at n hospital already
arrested we don't have so much news from
n hospital because n Hospital became
like uh like like a military base for
IDF we don't know the fate of the
patients we used to have patients inside
the
ICU we used to have critical ill
patients who need who needs really who
need really like
uh Continuous Care I don't know the fate
of these patients but I'm sure they will
will pass away or maybe they passed
away make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zero